1. pakage.json is a configuration file for npm and aslo called dependency 
2. need to do npm init
3. need to install bundler like webpack, parcle and vite
4. bundler will package ur app or bundler ur app to ship for the production

5. we can install 2 types of packes we can install 1 is dev dependency another id normal dependency
    dev is used in development and normal is used on production
6. npm install -D parcel (to install parcel bundler development)
7. in the package.json the caret(^) symbol will auto install the minor version of that dependency
    and if you hav tilde(~) npm will install major version of that if relesed
8. package-lock.json will keep track of exact version of the dependency that we instlled
9. in lock.json the integrity has sha56 which will check what is the version of the package we are using in local
    that matches with what we deployed in the prod

10. node modeule is a like database where all the package/ dependency exists
11. parecl having its own dependency know as trasitive dependency
12. its important to put package and packagelock.json inn git it will have which dependenc and its version in it
13. dont push the node module we can recreate it using package and packagelock(by npm install)

14. npx is executing the package
15. npx parcel index.html to run the application(exected the parcel)

16. one way to inject react is cdn and other way is npm and cdn is not the prefered way because it will call the url and in the network tab u can see it
17. using import we import the react and dependency in our app

18. we need add modeule type in index.html file for app.js because browser cannot uderstand the normal js file having import and export

19. parcel is doing
    dev build
    craeting local server
    HMR = hot modeule replacement(when we do changes and save it will automaticall reflect in browser)
    its using file watching algo built in c++
    its also doing caching thats why when we save it will take less time to build
    image opitmization
    when prod build it will minification and bundling , compress the file 
    consisting hashing
    code splitting
    differential bundling - to support older browser
    diagnostics and error suggestion
    tree shaking - remove unused code

20. to prod build the application use npx parcel build index.json but in the package need to remove main because of the conflict
    in the dist folder we have all the build files 

21. to configure to work in diffrent browser and version we can configure it in packagejson by adding browserlist